SIG: upgrade `SIG-Parser` to `SIG-DDL` and update some content (#159)
pingcap/community: special-interest-groups/sig-ddl/roles-and-organization-management.md

Requirements:

* Have at least 8 PRs merged within one year.

> * Nominated by at least 2 DDL SIG Reviewers, Committer or Maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nominated by at least 2 DDL SIG Reviewers or roles above.
```
